Add end slashes to internal URLs (part 7) (#3866)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/ssl/client-certificates/revoke-client-certificate.md

After revoking a certificate, you must update any mTLS rules that check for the presence of a client certificate so that they block all requests that include a revoked certificate.

> For more information, see [Check for revoked certificates](/firewall/cf-dashboard/create-mtls-rule/#check-for-revoked-certificates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to [Check for revoked certificates](/firewall/cf-dashboard/create-mtls-rule/#check-for-revoked-certificates).
```
